hay has gone
Dave 2d here so today's video is not
about phones or laptops or any devices
really it's about the customer support
that comes after you purchased one of
these devices and the reason why this
video exists is one of my friends
purchased the one plus she had a little
bit of a difficulty returning it because
she didn't love it and I looked into the
return policies and realized there's a
lot of differences between the different
companies so I thought I'd make
something to share with you guys so
right off the bat all of these phones
we're gonna new phones first laptops
later but all of these phones have a
14-day return policy and it would seem
normal like everyone's got that 14 day
return policy some 115 day but if you
look at the fine print there are some
differences oneplus has this sliding
scale where they kind of reserved the
right to give you less money back
depending on how used or unused the
product is so if you've kind of opened
it and open the accessories and stuff
you could potentially get less money
back despite it being in the return
period still which is a bit of a bummer
now I've read and heard that a lot of
people are still able to get that full
100% value back despite it being open
but it's not as good as the Apple phone
which basically gives you fortune days
to return it regardless of how used or
opened or whatever your packages as long
as it's within that return period you
see when we can return it now Samsung
also indicates on their website that
they only accept returns for defective
or unopened boxes for a brand like
Samsung that has like very expensive
flagship phones that's kind of
surprising kind of disappointing but
that's just what you have the pixel
devices from Google when these first
launched they had a great return policy
but because of last year's pixel to
excel and because of the blue shift and
all those people trying to return the
devices trying to get like a better
screen
they now have a $35 restocking fee which
is I find that annoying and mildly
offensive to be honest because if you
just straight-up didn't like the device
because he you know wasn't good fit for
you you now to pay thirty five bucks to
return it which is that's a bummer but
that's it that's basically the return
policies that's what you have now in
terms of warranty repairs they're all
relatively painless I mean some of them
you have to jump through a few more
hoops to get it done but they're all
going to get repairs done during that 12
month warranty Apple does it through
their stores it's pretty painless these
Samsung devices and the pics
devices actually use a third-party
vendor if you want to call it that it's
called you break I fix it's a chain
that's all over North America you go
into the website make an appointment and
as long as your product is under
warranty you can get it repaired in the
store which is pretty cool
I am also surprised that Samsung is
doing this because it's again a huge
vendor it's weird that they just don't
have their own kind of like logistics
and systems set up to just fix these
devices exclusively but at least they
have something in place now the weird
one here is one plus so they have a
service where you basically mail the
device out but it doesn't go to one plus
and depending where you are it might go
to one plus but in the US a lot of
locations are sending it to a sir where
they are the authorized repair centers
it's strange to me but I guess that kind
of is representative of the prices of
these phones like if you think about the
most expensive one the iPhone 10
consequently has the best customer
service both in terms of returns and
warranty repairs but that's baked into
the price of the phone that's one of the
reasons why it's so expensive the one
that surprises me though is Samsung this
is a super expensive phone it basically
rivals the price of the Apple devices
but it doesn't have quite the same kind
of forgiving nature in terms of like the
warranty repairs and stuff like that as
the Apple phone so I don't know it's
expensive but I just thought they would
have better customer support considering
the price of this phone okay moving on
to laptops so the way that I did this is
I have a bunch of laptops and I
basically contacted these companies with
fake repair requests I told the customer
service rep that my computer wasn't
booting up and I would need some kind of
service and all these devices are under
warranty these are all under 12 months
old but they all work has just told the
person that they don't work just to kind
of see how the customer experience would
be and for each one of these brands I
was able to get to that end stage where
they're like hey send it back we'll take
care of it because your product is under
warranty but they all took different
lengths of time I mean some of them were
quick some of them were slow you can
check out the chart but the big thing is
that some companies did not give me
shipping labels like they expected me to
figure out how to send it back to them
on my own time and because I live in
Canada that process would be a lot more
difficult like some of them had to go to
the states and that's really annoying
for a consumer like if you're not
the business of shipping packages all
day long that process of the customs
paperwork the the commercial invoices
stuff like that there's a lot of stuff
that goes into shipping one of these
packages out to the company that the
user should not have to deal with that's
a real big negative to me so the winners
here are apple and Dell they both had
really fast support to get to where I
wanted to be and they both provided
shipping labels and all that stuff
Dell actually has like this next day
service depending on the product where
they'll actually fix the device in your
office which is great and Microsoft is
also good it took a longer conversation
but they dealt with the issue and the
return policy was pretty good the losers
like the brands that I feel like are the
worst with this kind of stuff our razor
gigabyte and MSI and these are brands
that make great devices like really good
laptops especially in 2018 but their
customer support is still lacking
especially when it comes to the shipping
devices back for me to ship something
out to razor like if I purchase like a
razor blade Pro to ship that huge box
back to razor would be like I don't know
150 bucks it's not cheap so that
shipping cost is something that I think
every brand should cover it doesn't
matter what the product is now the rest
of the brands are in the middle of the
pack and they all pay for shipping to
get back to the manufacturers or to the
repair centers so that's basically it
for the laptops now the overall story is
this I was always under the assumption
that basically the more expensive a
product is the better the customer
support is and that's somewhat true I
mean there are some really expensive
brands both in phones and laptops that
just don't have great customer support
particularly Samsung and Razer like
those are premium brands with premium
prices but their custom support is not
where I'd like it to be in 2018
the thing is customer support is not
enjoyable for anybody now for the brands
not for the consumer for for us like
this process is the worst when our
devices break and we need to get it
fixed like it's just like oh no I got to
do this now
but for companies they like they really
don't like this they're basically doing
whatever they can to minimize how much
money they're spending on this whole
process of repairing and replacing
devices for you so that battle that like
that fight for for basically money is
the worst and it's never a good place to
be in but at least now you know which
brands dole out a little bit more
which brands just hold back because
that's just that's the nature of this
industry okay hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs we liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time